In this project I created a vignette for reading and summarizing data from the National Hokey League's (NHL) API. From the pool of data I choose the franchise ID=15 randomly 
and that came to be of the "Dallas Star". I tried to analyse the active players in the team, number of games each player played, their wins, losses and ties rates.

I found most of the players are not ranked as Active players. And the number of recorded wins, losses and ties does not match with the total games played, which was one of the 
discrepencies I found in the records.

To me personnally, the project approach that we are given is the best way of doing it as it covers the course works we have done so far and we are free to choose any team we like.
In my case, I kownothing about it, I can't say anything more about it if there could be some other prospects of the game that would help modifying the approach.

In order to get these works done in R, I went throught the given instructions. The first step into the R was installing/loading packages that are necessary. I was able to write the 
funciton to read the NHL records and stats API. But honestly, I was strugginling in writing wrapper function that is essentially a one stop shop for the user to access any of the API endpoints provided, where I tried to 
read the if a user provied franchiseID#, which was the difficult part of programming to me. Beside that, the BIGGEST strugling was in Knit of the document. I don't know why the R
did knit one time and does not do other time without changing any code. That happened to me on the last assignment as well. I am not sure if it was just a coincidence that I made 
upgrade last week to the latest  R version 4.0.2

The big-take away is practice more and more in writing R programming functions in order to get be familiar with such kind of function which can be encountered in future whether
in the course work and/or in the work life. 

The link to the project is [here](https://github.com/pratap-ad/Project-1-ST558/blob/master/Proj1Edits.md)
